Fix #3269: Replace broken and outdated URLs in data.atmosphere module (#3496)
PecanProject/pecan: modules/data.atmosphere/vignettes/ameriflux_demo.Rmd

# Overview

> This is a demonstration of the PEcAn utilities for downloading met data, converting it to the PEcAn-CF format (which is based on the Climate Forecasting conventions and similar to MsTMIP). These variables are described in the [PEcAn met data documentation](https://pecanproject.github.io/pecan-documentation/) (link previously pointed to a broken page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a demonstration of the PEcAn utilities for downloading met data, converting it to the PEcAn-CF format (which is based on the Climate Forecasting conventions and similar to MsTMIP). These variables are described in the [PEcAn met data documentation](https://pecanproject.github.io/pecan-documentation/develop/input-standards.html#meteorology-standards).
```

> We’ll download 12 years of met data from the [Bondville Ameriflux site](https://ameriflux.lbl.gov/sites/siteinfo/US-Bo1), which has a `SITE_ID` of `US-Bo1`.
> <!-- Old link: http://ameriflux.ornl.gov/fullsiteinfo.php?sid=44 -->

Reviewer: Thanks for finding the new link! OK to drop the old one completely with no comment.
```suggestion
We’ll download 12 years of met data from the [Bondville Ameriflux site](https://ameriflux.lbl.gov/sites/siteinfo/US-Bo1), which has a `SITE_ID` of `US-Bo1`.
```
